<!--
title: Serverless Framework - AWS Lambda Guide - Serverless.yml Reference
menuText: Serverless.yml
menuOrder: 16
description: A list of all available properties on serverless.yml for AWS
layout: Doc
-->

<!-- DOCS-SITE-LINK:START automatically generated  -->

### [Read this on the main serverless docs site](https://www.serverless.com/framework/docs/providers/aws/guide/serverless.yml)

<!-- DOCS-SITE-LINK:END -->

# Serverless.yml Reference

Here is a list of all available properties in `serverless.yml` when the provider is set to `aws`.

```yml
# serverless.yml

service: myService

projectDir: ./ # Boundary of a project in which service is configured. Influences file resolution

frameworkVersion: '2'
configValidationMode: warn # Modes for config validation. `error` throws an exception, `warn` logs error to console, `off` disables validation at all. The default is warn.
enableLocalInstallationFallback: false # If set to 'true', guarantees that it's a locally (for service, in its node_modules) installed framework which processes the command
useDotenv: false # If set to 'true', environment variables will be automatically loaded from .env files
variablesResolutionMode: null # To crash on variable resolution errors (as coming from new resolver), set this value to "20210326"
unresolvedVariablesNotificationMode: warn # If set to 'error', references to variables that cannot be resolved will result in an error being thrown (applies to legacy resolver)
deprecationNotificationMode: warn:summary # 'warn' reports deprecations on the go, 'error' will result with an exception being thrown on first approached deprecation

disabledDeprecations: # Disable deprecation logs by their codes. Default is empty.
  - DEP_CODE_1 # Deprecation code to disable
  - '*' # Disable all deprecation messages

provider:
  name: aws
  runtime: nodejs14.x
  stage: dev # Default stage to be used. Default is "dev"
  region: us-east-1 # Default region to be used. Default is "us-east-1"
  stackName: custom-stack-name # Use a custom name for the CloudFormation stack
  apiName: custom-api-name # Use a custom name for the API Gateway API
  websocketsApiName: custom-websockets-api-name # Use a custom name for the websockets API
  websocketsApiRouteSelectionExpression: $request.body.route # custom route selection expression
  profile: production # The default profile to use with this service
  memorySize: 512 # Overwrite the default memory size. Default is 1024
  timeout: 10 # The default is 6 seconds. Note: API Gateway current maximum is 30 seconds
  logRetentionInDays: 14 # Set the default RetentionInDays for a CloudWatch LogGroup
  kmsKeyArn: arn:aws:kms:us-east-1:XXXXXX:key/some-hash # KMS key arn which will be used for encryption for all functions
  deploymentBucket:
    blockPublicAccess: true # Prevents public access via ACLs or bucket policies. Default is false
    skipPolicySetup: false # Prevents creation of default bucket policy when framework creates the deployment bucket. Default is false
    name: com.serverless.${self:provider.region}.deploys # Deployment bucket name. Default is generated by the framework
    maxPreviousDeploymentArtifacts: 5 # On every deployment the framework prunes the bucket to remove artifacts older than this limit. The default is 5
    serverSideEncryption: AES256 # server-side encryption method
    sseKMSKeyId: arn:aws:kms:us-east-1:xxxxxxxxxxxx:key/aaaaaaaa-aaaa-aaaa-aaaa-aaaaaaaaaaaa # when using server-side encryption
    sseCustomerAlgorithim: AES256 # when using server-side encryption and custom keys
    sseCustomerKey: string # when using server-side encryption and custom keys
    sseCustomerKeyMD5: md5sum # when using server-side encryption and custom keys
    tags: # Tags that will be added to each of the deployment resources
      key1: value1
      key2: value2
  deploymentPrefix: serverless # The S3 prefix under which deployed artifacts should be stored. Default is serverless
  disableDefaultOutputExportNames: false # optional, if set to 'true', disables default behavior of generating export names for CloudFormation outputs
  lambdaHashingVersion: 20201221 # optional, version of hashing algorithm that should be used by the framework
  ecr:
    scanOnPush: true
    images: # Definitions of images that later can be referenced by key in `function.image`
      baseimage:
        uri: 000000000000.dkr.ecr.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/test-image@sha256:6bb600b4d6e1d7cf521097177d111111ea373edb91984a505333be8ac9455d38 # Image uri of existing Docker image in ECR
      anotherimage:
        path: ./image/ # Path to Docker context that will be used when building that image locally
        file: Dockerfile.dev # Name of Dockerfile that should be used when building image locally. Equal to 'Dockerfile' by default
        buildArgs:
          STAGE: ${opt:stage}
        cacheFrom:
          - my-image:latest
  cloudFront:
    cachePolicies:
      myCachePolicy1: # used as a reference in function.events[].cloudfront.cachePolicy.name
        DefaultTTL: 60
        MinTTL: 30
        MaxTTL: 3600
        Comment: my brand new cloudfront cache policy # optional
        ParametersInCacheKeyAndForwardedToOrigin:
          CookiesConfig:
            CookieBehavior: whitelist # Possible values are 'none', 'whitelist', 'allExcept' and 'all'
            Cookies:
              - my-public-cookie
          EnableAcceptEncodingBrotli: true # optional
          EnableAcceptEncodingGzip: true
          HeadersConfig:
            HeaderBehavior: whitelist # Possible values are 'none' and 'whitelist'
            Headers:
              - authorization
              - content-type
          QueryStringsConfig:
            QueryStringBehavior: allExcept # Possible values are 'none', 'whitelist', 'allExcept' and 'all'
            QueryStrings:
              - not-cached-query-string
  versionFunctions: false # Optional function versioning
  environment: # Service wide environment variables
    serviceEnvVar: 123456789
  endpointType: regional # Optional endpoint configuration for API Gateway REST API. Default is Edge.
  apiGateway: # Optional API Gateway global config
    restApiId: xxxxxxxxxx # REST API resource ID. Default is generated by the framework
    restApiRootResourceId: xxxxxxxxxx # Root resource ID, represent as / path
    restApiResources: # List of existing resources that were created in the REST API. This is required or the stack will be conflicted
      '/users': xxxxxxxxxx
      '/users/create': xxxxxxxxxx
    websocketApiId: # Websocket API resource ID. Default is generated by the framework
    apiKeySourceType: HEADER # Source of API key for usage plan. HEADER or AUTHORIZER.
    apiKeys: # List of API keys to be used by your service API Gateway REST API
      - myFirstKey
        value: myFirstKeyValue
        description: myFirstKeyDescription
        customerId: myFirstKeyCustomerId
      - ${opt:stage}-myFirstKey
      - ${env:MY_API_KEY} # you can hide it in a serverless variable
    minimumCompressionSize: 1024 # Compress response when larger than specified size in bytes (must be between 0 and 10485760)
    description: Some Description # Optional description for the API Gateway stage deployment
    disableDefaultEndpoint: true # Optional disable the default 'execute-api' endpoint
    binaryMediaTypes: # Optional binary media types the API might return
      - '*/*'
    metrics:  false # Optional detailed Cloud Watch Metrics
    shouldStartNameWithService: false # Use `${service}-${stage}` naming for API Gateway. Will be `true` by default in next major version.
    resourcePolicy:
      - Effect: Allow
        Principal: '*'
        Action: execute-api:Invoke
        Resource:
          - execute-api:/*/*/*
        Condition:
          IpAddress:
            aws:SourceIp:
              - '123.123.123.123'
    usagePlan: # Optional usage plan configuration
      quota:
        limit: 5000
        offset: 2
        period: MONTH
      throttle:
        burstLimit: 200
        rateLimit: 100
    request:
      schemas: # Optional request schema validation models that can be reused in `http` events. It is always defined for `application/json` content type
        global-model:
          name: GlobalModel # Optional: Name of the API Gateway model
          description: "A global model that can be referenced in functions" # Optional: Description of the API Gateway model
          schema: ${file(schema.json)}  # Valid JSON Schema
  alb:
    targetGroupPrefix: xxxxxxxxxx # Optional prefix to prepend when generating names for target groups
    authorizers:
      myFirstAuth:
        type: 'cognito'
        userPoolArn: 'arn:aws:cognito-idp:us-east-1:123412341234:userpool/us-east-1_123412341', # required
        userPoolClientId: '1h57kf5cpq17m0eml12EXAMPLE', # required
        userPoolDomain: 'your-test-domain' # required
        onUnauthenticatedRequest: 'deny' # If set to 'allow' this allows the request to be forwarded to the target when user is not authenticated. When omitted it defaults 'deny' which makes a HTTP 401 Unauthorized error be returned. Alternatively configure to 'authenticate' to redirect request to IdP authorization endpoint.
        requestExtraParams: # optional. The query parameters (up to 10) to include in the redirect request to the authorization endpoint
          prompt: 'login'
          redirect: false
        scope: 'first_name age' # Can be a combination of any system-reserved scopes or custom scopes associated with the client. The default is openid
        sessionCookieName: '🍪' # The name of the cookie used to maintain session information. The default is AWSELBAuthSessionCookie
        sessionTimeout: 7000 # The maximum duration of the authentication session, in seconds. The default is 604800 seconds (7 days).
      mySecondAuth:
        type: 'oidc'
        authorizationEndpoint: 'https://example.com', # required. The authorization endpoint of the IdP. Must be a full URL, including the HTTPS protocol, the domain, and the path
        clientId: 'i-am-client', # required
        clientSecret: 'i-am-secret', # if creating a rule this is required. If modifying a rule, this can be omitted if you set useExistingClientSecret to true (as below)
        useExistingClientSecret: true # only required if clientSecret is omitted
        issuer: 'https://www.iamscam.com', # required. The OIDC issuer identifier of the IdP. This must be a full URL, including the HTTPS protocol, the domain, and the path
        tokenEndpoint: 'http://somewhere.org', # required
        userInfoEndpoint: 'https://another-example.com' # required
        onUnauthenticatedRequest: 'deny' # If set to 'allow' this allows the request to be forwarded to the target when user is not authenticated. Omit or set to 'deny' (default) to make a HTTP 401 Unauthorized error be returned instead. Alternatively configure to 'authenticate' to redirect request to IdP authorization endpoint.
        requestExtraParams:
          prompt: 'login'
          redirect: false
        scope: 'first_name age'
        sessionCookieName: '🍪'
        sessionTimeout: 7000
  httpApi:
    id: 'my-id' # If we want to attach to externally created HTTP API its id should be provided here
    name: 'dev-my-service' # Use custom name for the API Gateway API, default is ${sls:stage}-${self:service}
    payload: '2.0' # Specify payload format version for Lambda integration ('1.0' or '2.0'), default is '2.0'
    cors: true # Implies default behavior, can be fine tuned with specific options
    authorizers:
      # JWT authorizer to back HTTP API endpoints
      someJwtAuthorizer:
        identitySource: $request.header.Authorization
        issuerUrl: https://cognito-idp.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/us-east-1_xxxxx
        audience:
          - xxxx
          - xxxx
      # Custom Lambda request authorizer to back HTTP API endpoints
      someCustomLambdaAuthorizer:
        type: request # Should be set to `request` for custom Lambda authorizers.
        functionName: authorizerFunc # Mutually exclusive with `functionArn`
        functionArn: arn:aws:lambda:us-east-1:11111111111:function:external-authorizer # Mutually exclusive with `functionName`
        name: customAuthorizerName # Optional. Custom name for created authorizer
        resultTtlInSeconds: 300 # Optional. Time to live for cached authorizer results, accepts values from 0 (no caching) to 3600 (1 hour). When set to non-zero value, `identitySource` must be defined as well.
        enableSimpleResponses: true # Optional. Flag that specifies if authorizer function will return authorization responses in simple format. Defaults to `false`.
        payloadVersion: '2.0' # Optional. Version of payload that will be sent to authorizer function. Defaults to `'2.0'`.
        identitySource: # Optional. One or more mapping expressions of the request parameters in form of e.g `$request.header.Auth`. Specified values are verified to be non-empty and not null by authorizer. It is a required property when `resultTtlInSeconds` is non-zero as `identitySource` is additionally used as cache key for authorizer responses caching.
          - $request.header.Auth
          - $request.header.Authorization
        managedExternally: true # Optional. Applicable only when using externally defined authorizer functions to prevent creation of permission resource
  stackTags: # Optional CF stack tags
    key: value
  iam:
    # Overwrite the default IAM role which is used for all functions
    role: arn:aws:iam::XXXXXX:role/role
    # .. OR configure logical role
    role:
      name: your-custom-name-role # Optional custom name for default IAM role
      path: /your-custom-path/ # Optional custom path for default IAM role
      managedPolicies: # Optional IAM Managed Policies, which allows to include the policies into IAM Role
        - arn:aws:iam:*****:policy/some-managed-policy
      permissionsBoundary: arn:aws:iam::XXXXXX:policy/policy # ARN of an Permissions Boundary for the role.
      statements: # IAM role statements so that services can be accessed in the AWS account
        - Effect: 'Allow'
          Action:
            - 's3:ListBucket'
          Resource:
            Fn::Join:
              - ''
              - - 'arn:aws:s3:::'
                - Ref: ServerlessDeploymentBucket
      tags:
        key: value
    deploymentRole: arn:aws:iam::XXXXXX:role/role # ARN of an IAM role for CloudFormation service. If specified, CloudFormation uses the role's credentials
  stackPolicy: # Optional CF stack policy. The example below allows updates to all resources except deleting/replacing EC2 instances (use with caution!)
    - Effect: Allow
      Principal: '*'
      Action: 'Update:*'
      Resource: '*'
    - Effect: Deny
      Principal: '*'
      Resource: '*'
      Action:
        - Update:Replace
        - Update:Delete
      Condition:
        StringEquals:
          ResourceType:
            - AWS::EC2::Instance
  vpc: # Optional VPC. But if you use VPC then both subproperties (securityGroupIds and subnetIds) are required
    securityGroupIds:
      - securityGroupId1
      - securityGroupId2
    subnetIds:
      - subnetId1
      - subnetId2
  notificationArns: # List of existing Amazon SNS topics in the same region where notifications about stack events are sent.
    - 'arn:aws:sns:us-east-1:XXXXXX:mytopic'
  stackParameters:
    - ParameterKey: 'Keyname'
      ParameterValue: 'Value'
  rollbackConfiguration:
    MonitoringTimeInMinutes: 20
    RollbackTriggers:
      - Arn: arn:aws:cloudwatch:us-east-1:000000000000:alarm:health
        Type: AWS::CloudWatch::Alarm
      - Arn: arn:aws:cloudwatch:us-east-1:000000000000:alarm:latency
        Type: AWS::CloudWatch::Alarm
  tags: # Optional service wide function tags
    foo: bar
    baz: qux
  tracing:
    apiGateway: true # Can only be true if API Gateway is inside a stack.
    lambda: true # Optional, can be true (true equals 'Active'), 'Active' or 'PassThrough'
  logs:
    restApi: # Optional configuration which specifies if API Gateway logs are used. This can either be set to `true` to use defaults, or configured via subproperties. Can only be configured if API Gateway is inside a stack.
      accessLogging: true # Optional configuration which enables or disables access logging. Defaults to true.
      format: 'requestId: $context.requestId' # Optional configuration which specifies the log format to use for access logging.
      executionLogging: true # Optional configuration which enables or disables execution logging. Defaults to true.
      level: INFO # Optional configuration which specifies the log level to use for execution logging. May be set to either INFO or ERROR.
      fullExecutionData: true # Optional configuration which specifies whether or not to log full requests/responses for execution logging. Defaults to true.
      role: arn:aws:iam::123456:role # Existing IAM role for ApiGateway to use when managing CloudWatch Logs. If 'role' is not configured, a new role is automatically created.
      roleManagedExternally: false # Specifies whether the ApiGateway CloudWatch Logs role setting is not managed by Serverless. Defaults to false.
    websocket: # Optional configuration which specifies if Websocket logs are used. This can either be set to `true` to use defaults, or configured via subproperties.
      level: INFO # Optional configuration which specifies the log level to use for execution logging. May be set to either INFO or ERROR.
    httpApi: # Optional configuration which specifies if HTTP API logs are used. This can either be set to `true` (to use defaults as below) or specific log format configuration can be provided
      format: '{ "requestId":"$context.requestId", "ip": "$context.identity.sourceIp", "requestTime":"$context.requestTime", "httpMethod":"$context.httpMethod","routeKey":"$context.routeKey", "status":"$context.status","protocol":"$context.protocol", "responseLength":"$context.responseLength" }'

    frameworkLambda: true # Optional, whether to write CloudWatch logs for custom resource lambdas as added by the framework
  s3: # If you need to configure the bucket itself, you'll need to add s3 resources to the provider configuration
    bucketOne: # Eventual additional properties in camel case
    # Supported properties are the same ones as supported by CF resource for S3 bucket: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-properties-s3-bucket.html
      name: my-custom-bucket-name
      versioningConfiguration:
        Status: Enabled

package: # Optional deployment packaging configuration
  patterns: # Specify the directories and files which should be included in the deployment package
    - src/**
    - handler.js
    - '!.git/**'
    - '!.travis.yml'
  excludeDevDependencies: false # Config if Serverless should automatically exclude dev dependencies in the deployment package. Defaults to true
  artifact: path/to/my-artifact.zip # Own package that should be used. You must provide this file.
  individually: true # Enables individual packaging for each function. If true you must provide package for each function. Defaults to false

functions:
  usersCreate: # A Function
    handler: users.create # The file and module for this specific function. Cannot be used when `image` is defined.
    image: baseimage # Image to be used by function, cannot be used when `handler` is defined. It can be configured as concrete uri of Docker image in ECR or as a reference to image defined in `provider.ecr.images`
    name: ${sls:stage}-lambdaName # optional, Deployed Lambda name
    description: My function # The description of your function.
    memorySize: 512 # memorySize for this specific function.
    reservedConcurrency: 5 # optional, reserved concurrency limit for this function. By default, AWS uses account concurrency limit
    provisionedConcurrency: 3 # optional, Count of provisioned lambda instances
    runtime: nodejs12.x # Runtime for this specific function. Overrides the default which is set on the provider level
    timeout: 10 # Timeout for this specific function.  Overrides the default set above.
    role: arn:aws:iam::XXXXXX:role/role # IAM role which will be used for this function
    onError: arn:aws:sns:us-east-1:XXXXXX:sns-topic # Optional SNS topic / SQS arn (Ref, Fn::GetAtt and Fn::ImportValue are supported as well) which will be used for the DeadLetterConfig
    kmsKeyArn: arn:aws:kms:us-east-1:XXXXXX:key/some-hash # Optional KMS key arn which will be used for encryption (overwrites the one defined on the provider level)
    disableLogs: false # Disables creation of CloudWatch Log Group
    environment: # Function level environment variables
      functionEnvVar: 12345678
    tags: # Function specific tags
      foo: bar
    vpc: # Optional VPC. But if you use VPC then both subproperties (securityGroupIds and subnetIds) are required
      securityGroupIds:
        - securityGroupId1
        - securityGroupId2
      subnetIds:
        - subnetId1
        - subnetId2
    package:
      patterns: # Specify the directories and files which should be included in the deployment package for this specific function.
        - src/**
        - handler.js
        - '!.git/**'
        - '!.travis.yml'
      artifact: path/to/my-artifact.zip # Own package that should be use for this specific function. You must provide this file.
      individually: true # Enables individual packaging for specific function. If true you must provide package for each function. Defaults to false
    layers: # An optional list Lambda Layers to use
      - arn:aws:lambda:region:XXXXXX:layer:LayerName:Y # Layer Version ARN
    tracing: Active # optional, can be 'Active' or 'PassThrough' (overwrites the one defined on the provider level)
    condition: SomeCondition # optional, adds 'Condition' clause
    dependsOn: # optional, appends these additional resources to the 'DependsOn' list
      - MyThing
      - MyOtherThing
    destinations: # optional, destinations for async invocations
      onSuccess: functionName # function name or ARN of a target (externally managed lambda, EventBridge event bus, SQS queue or SNS topic)
      onFailure: xxx:xxx:target # function name or ARN of a target (externally managed lambda, EventBridge event bus, SQS queue or SNS topic)
    fileSystemConfig:
      arn: arn:aws:elasticfilesystem:us-east-1:111111111111:access-point/fsap-a1a1a1a1a1a1a1a1a # ARN of EFS Access Point
      localMountPath: /mnt/example # path under which EFS will be mounted and accessible by Lambda function
    events: # The Events that trigger this Function
      - http: # This creates an API Gateway HTTP endpoint which can be used to trigger this function.  Learn more in "events/apigateway"
          path: users/create # Path for this endpoint
          method: get # HTTP method for this endpoint
          cors: true # Turn on CORS for this endpoint, but don't forget to return the right header in your response
          private: true # Requires clients to add API keys values in the `x-api-key` header of their request
          authorizer: # An AWS API Gateway custom authorizer function
            name: authorizerFunc # The name of the authorizer function (must be in this service)
            arn: xxx:xxx:Lambda-Name # Can be used instead of name to reference a function outside of service
            resultTtlInSeconds: 0
            identitySource: method.request.header.Authorization
            identityValidationExpression: someRegex
            type: token # token or request. Determines input to the authorizer function, called with the auth token or the entire request event. Defaults to token
          request: # configure method request and integration request settings
            uri: http://url/{paramName} # Define http endpoint URL and map path parameters for HTTP and HTTP_PROXY requests
            parameters: # Optional request parameter configuration
              paths:
                paramName: true # mark path parameter as required
              headers:
                headerName: true # mark header required
                custom-header: # Optional add a new header to the request
                  required: true
                  mappedValue: context.requestId # map the header to a static value or integration request variable
              querystrings:
                paramName: true # mark query string
            schema: # Optional request schema validation; mapped by content type
              application/json: ${file(create_request.json)} # define the valid JSON Schema for a content-type
            template: # Optional custom request mapping templates that overwrite default templates
              application/json: '{ "httpMethod" : "$context.httpMethod" }'
            passThrough: NEVER # Optional define pass through behavior when content-type does not match any of the specified mapping templates
            schemas: # Optional request schema validation, mapped by content type
              application/json:
                name: ModelName  # Optional: Name of the API Gateway model
                description: "Some description" # Optional: Description of the API Gateway model
                schema: ${file(model_schema.json)} # Schema for selected content type
      - httpApi: # HTTP API endpoint
          method: GET
          path: /some-get-path/{param}
          authorizer: # Optional
            name: someJwtAuthorizer # References by name authorizer defined in provider.httpApi.authorizers section
            scopes: # Optional
              - user.id
              - user.email
      - websocket:
          route: $connect
          routeResponseSelectionExpression: $default # optional, setting this enables callbacks on websocket requests for two-way communication
          authorizer:
            # name: auth    NOTE: you can either use "name" or arn" properties
            arn: arn:aws:lambda:us-east-1:1234567890:function:auth
            identitySource:
              - 'route.request.header.Auth'
              - 'route.request.querystring.Auth'
      - s3:
          bucket: photos
          event: s3:ObjectCreated:*
          rules:
            - prefix: uploads/
            - suffix: .jpg
          existing: true # optional, if you're using an existing Bucket
      - schedule:
          name: my scheduled event
          description: a description of my scheduled event's purpose
          rate: rate(10 minutes)
          enabled: false
          # Note, you can use only one of input, inputPath, or inputTransformer
          input:
            key1: value1
            key2: value2
            stageParams:
              stage: dev
          inputPath: '$.stageVariables'
          inputTransformer:
            inputPathsMap:
              eventTime: '$.time'
            inputTemplate: '{"time": <eventTime>, "key1": "value1"}'
      - sns:
          topicName: aggregate
          displayName: Data aggregation pipeline
          filterPolicy:
            pet:
              - dog
              - cat
          redrivePolicy:
              # (1) ARN
              deadLetterTargetArn: arn:aws:sqs:us-east-1:11111111111:myDLQ
              # (2) Ref (resource defined in same CF stack)
              deadLetterTargetRef: myDLQ
              # (3) Import (resource defined in outer CF stack)
              deadLetterTargetImport:
                arn: MyShared-DLQArn
                url: MyShared-DLQUrl
      - sqs:
          arn: arn:aws:sqs:region:XXXXXX:myQueue
          batchSize: 10
          maximumBatchingWindow: 10 # optional, minimum is 0 and the maximum is 300 (seconds)
          enabled: true
      - stream:
          arn: arn:aws:kinesis:region:XXXXXX:stream/foo
          batchSize: 100
          maximumRecordAgeInSeconds: 120
          startingPosition: LATEST
          enabled: true
          functionResponseType: ReportBatchItemFailures
      - msk:
          arn: arn:aws:kafka:us-east-1:111111111111:cluster/ClusterName/a1a1a1a1a1a1a1a1a # ARN of MSK Cluster
          topic: kafkaTopic # name of Kafka topic to consume from
          batchSize: 100 # optional, must be in 1-10000 range
          startingPosition: LATEST # optional, can be set to LATEST or TRIM_HORIZON
          enabled: true # optional, true by default, can be used to disable event without deleting resource
      - alexaSkill:
          appId: amzn1.ask.skill.xx-xx-xx-xx
          enabled: true
      - alexaSmartHome:
          appId: amzn1.ask.skill.xx-xx-xx-xx
          enabled: true
      - iot:
          name: myIoTEvent
          description: An IoT event
          enabled: true
          sql: "SELECT * FROM 'some_topic'"
          sqlVersion: beta
      - cloudwatchEvent:
          event:
            source:
              - 'aws.ec2'
            detail-type:
              - 'EC2 Instance State-change Notification'
            detail:
              state:
                - pending
          # Note, you can use only one of input, inputPath, or inputTransformer
          input:
            key1: value1
            key2: value2
            stageParams:
              stage: dev
          inputPath: '$.stageVariables'
          inputTransformer:
            inputPathsMap:
              eventTime: '$.time'
            inputTemplate: '{"time": <eventTime>, "key1": "value1"}'
      - cloudwatchLog:
          logGroup: '/aws/lambda/hello'
          filter: '{$.userIdentity.type = Root}'
      - cognitoUserPool:
          pool: MyUserPool
          trigger: PreSignUp
          existing: true # optional, if you're referencing an existing User Pool
      - alb:
          listenerArn: arn:aws:elasticloadbalancing:us-east-1:12345:listener/app/my-load-balancer/50dc6c495c0c9188/
          priority: 1
          targetGroupName: helloTargetGroup # optional
          conditions:
            host: example.com
            path: /hello
          healthCheck: # optional, can also be set using a boolean value
            path: / # optional
            intervalSeconds: 35 # optional
            timeoutSeconds: 30 # optional
            healthyThresholdCount: 5 # optional
            unhealthyThresholdCount: 5 # optional
            matcher: # optional
              httpCode: '200'
      - eventBridge:
          # using the default AWS event bus
          schedule: rate(10 minutes)
          # creating an event bus
          eventBus: custom-saas-events
          pattern:
            source:
              - saas.external
          # re-using an existing event bus
          eventBus: arn:aws:events:us-east-1:12345:event-bus/custom-private-events
          pattern:
            source:
              - custom.private
          inputTransformer:
            inputPathsMap:
              eventTime: '$.time'
            inputTemplate: '{"time": <eventTime>, "key1": "value1"}'
          # using `inputs`
          pattern:
            source:
              - 'aws.ec2'
            detail-type:
              - 'EC2 Instance State-change Notification'
            detail:
              state:
                - pending
          input:
            key1: value1
            key2: value2
            stageParams:
              stage: dev
          # using `inputPath`
          pattern:
            source:
              - 'aws.ec2'
            detail-type:
              - 'EC2 Instance State-change Notification'
            detail:
              state:
                - pending
          inputPath: '$.stageVariables'
          # using `inputTransformer`
          pattern:
            source:
              - 'aws.ec2'
            detail-type:
              - 'EC2 Instance State-change Notification'
            detail:
              state:
                - pending
          inputTransformer:
            inputPathsMap:
              eventTime: '$.time'
            inputTemplate: '{"time": <eventTime>, "key1": "value1"}'
      - cloudFront:
          eventType: viewer-response
          includeBody: true
          pathPattern: /docs*
          cachePolicy:
            # Note, you can use only one of name or id
            name: myCachePolicy1 # Refers to a Cache Policy defined in provider.cloudFront.cachePolicies
            id: 658327ea-f89d-4fab-a63d-7e88639e58f6 # Refers to any external Cache Policy id
          origin:
            DomainName: serverless.com
            OriginPath: /framework
            CustomOriginConfig:
              OriginProtocolPolicy: match-viewer
      - s3: bucketOne

layers:
  hello: # A Lambda layer
    path: layer-dir # required, path to layer contents on disk
    name: ${sls:stage}-layerName # optional, Deployed Lambda layer name
    description: Description of what the lambda layer does # optional, Description to publish to AWS
    compatibleRuntimes: # optional, a list of runtimes this layer is compatible with
      - python3.8
    licenseInfo: GPLv3 # optional, a string specifying license information
    allowedAccounts: # optional, a list of AWS account IDs allowed to access this layer.
      - '*'
    retain: false # optional, false by default. If true, layer versions are not deleted as new ones are created

# The "Resources" your "Functions" use.  Raw AWS CloudFormation goes in here.
resources:
  Resources:
    usersTable:
      Type: AWS::DynamoDB::Table
      Properties:
        TableName: usersTable
        AttributeDefinitions:
          - AttributeName: email
            AttributeType: S
        KeySchema:
          - AttributeName: email
            KeyType: HASH
        ProvisionedThroughput:
          ReadCapacityUnits: 1
          WriteCapacityUnits: 1
  extensions:
    # override Properties or other attributes of Framework-created resources.
    # See https://serverless.com/framework/docs/providers/aws/guide/resources#override-aws-cloudformation-resource for more details
    UsersCreateLogGroup:
      Properties:
        RetentionInDays: '30'

  # The "Outputs" that your AWS CloudFormation Stack should produce.  This allows references between services.
  Outputs:
    UsersTableArn:
      Description: The ARN for the User's Table
      Value:
        'Fn::GetAtt': [usersTable, Arn]
      Export:
        Name: ${self:service}:${opt:stage}:UsersTableArn # see Fn::ImportValue to use in other services and http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/outputs-section-structure.html for documentation on use.
```
